1/29/18:

Questions:
    1. Paul D came back today--like a spirit drifting back to the world on wings of smoke--he remembers a time long past when I had done no horrors, had wrought no evil. He reminds me of that time, back in Sweet Home, that I do not recall without a kind of catalyst, yet just a look at him reminds me of Halle and the Garners. I don't know whether to welcome him or not: certainly he makes Denver distant, but he makes me feel young again. He chased away my beloved, I guess, literally and maybe symbolically. I want him to stay. He makes me a person and not an abomination.
    2. Baby Suggs is saying that every house is haunted by some ghost, and that it is good that the ghost in their house is only a baby, or (it is implied) it could be much more malevolent. All of Suggs' children are "gone from her" (6), and so she encourages Sethe to be content with the three she has that are alive and not dwell on the baby's ghost. The significance of this quote is that it claims that a black man has suffered and died in every house in America, referring to both the slave trade and the struggles of post-slavery life.
    3. Paul D and Sethe remember the conditions of Sweet Home. Although the slave-owners Mr. and Mrs. Garner seem reasonably kind, the six slaves who work there (Paul D Garner, Paul F Garner, Paul A Garner, Halle Suggs, and Sixo) do not. They apparently "[fucked] cows" and "[dreamt] of rape" (13). Sethe remembers boys "taking her milk" (19) while she had a nursing child, and when they were found out the schoolteacher whipped her so much that later it looks like a tree, and by the time of the main narrative she has lost all feeling in her back. Morrison gives us this information slowly for two reasons. First, it keeps the reader in suspense and thus increases the reader's investment in the book, but second, it parallels how Sethe's memory of Sweet Home is only accessible at certain times when a small thing reminds her.
    
Letter:
    I think my responses were good, especially for questions 2 and 3, but to me it is distinctly unappealing to write creatively from a character's point of view. Literature is interpretive, and different interpretations are valid, but writing a journal crystallizes the narrative and closes one off to other interpretations. I think I answered the five questions well for each entry.

1/30/18:

Questions:
    1. We learn that when Denver was being born, Sethe fell down and could not get up. When this happened, she was helped to a lean-to by a "whitegirl." Sethe believes that the fetus, Denver, "pulled a whitegirl out of the hill" (50), assigning a mystical significance and power to Denver.
    2. A. a. Paul D does not love people very much. He has learned not to so that he does not experience more pain than he has to when he loses them.
          b. Paul D has lost too much of what he loves to the cruelty of slavery to be able to love anyone fully anymore. Also, Paul D thinks that loving one's children for an ex-slave mother is especially dangerous as they could be taken away from her in many ways.
       B. a. This could either have no literal meaning, or it could mean that their hands align in such a way that their shadows touch. However, the literal meaning is not important in this situation.
          b. Sethe has a dream or hope that Denver and Paul D will both be able to love her and each other. However, they are not able to do this, as shown by their not actually holding hands.

Letter:
    I think my responses were okay, albeit sparser than the previous ones. I was very confused by 2. B. as we have not yet reached that quote in the book. I think I answered the questions sufficiently.

1/31/18:

Questions:
    1. The girl is named Beloved and she interestingly has no background, allowing the characters and reader to interpret the character very differently. I see two main interpretations. The first is that she is the incarnation of the baby's ghost. This seems reasonable due to the name Beloved matching the word on Sethe's child's tombstone. The second is that she represents Sethe's mother: this seems reasonable due to Sethe's comfort around her, her "glow," and how she seems to know things about Sethe that nobody could know unless they knew her very well.
    2. This quote implies that Denver's lie (or, less likely, Paul D's) made it impossible for them to become close, even though they had a chance to earlier. Denver and Paul D's conflicting interests in Sethe and Beloved clearly keep them from liking each other. Another interesting aspect of this is that it implies correctly that they are not already close: the metaphorical door has been closed the whole time, but the possibility of opening it, the metaphorical latch, is what has been closed.
    3. Sethe remembers her mother and her death, who identifies herself to Sethe with the cross and circle symbol, known in vernacular English as a "sun cross," a solar symbol which is nearly ubiquitous in prehistoric religion. This is symbolic because Sethe cannot remember her by her face, but merely by this symbol. This symbolically shows that in Sethe's mind, the mother has undergone some apotheosis. In addition, the mother is hanged, and the combination of hanging and a cross symbol is blatant Christian symbolism.
    4. First, let us look at "Beloved was shining." This is symbolic in three ways. First, Beloved is bright and everyone loves her. Second, the "shining" recalls the traditional depiction of light coming from Jesus' ressurection, implying that Beloved is a ghost or spirit returning from the dead. Third, "shining" is reminiscent of the supposed "glow" of pregnancy, symbolizing motherly love and possibly implying that Beloved is not the ghost of the baby but rather the ghost of Sethe's mother. The "and Paul D didn't like it" shows that Paul D does not revere Beloved in the way that Sethe and Denver do, symbolic of his not being a member of their family and of his dislike of memories of the past, previously symbolically demonstrated by his removal of the baby's ghost from the household.
    5. In Sweet Home, Mrs. Garner allowed Sethe to take cloth that she didn't need but did not give her any, and furthermore gave her beautiful earrings that Sethe could not wear because Sethe's ears were not pierced. This is highly symbolic: although Mrs. Garner seems to be a nice person or a "kind mistress," she does not usually directly help Sethe, and when she does, she is blind to Sethe's needs and instead gives her something she cannot use unless she undergoes a somewhat painful piercing. This shows that although she tries to be kind, she is instead unhelpful and even tone-deaf.

Letter:
    I think my responses this time were very good. However, question 4 again confused me as it is outside of both the page range and the chapters that align at all with the page range. I think I answered all of the questions well.
